you
this time they expand we need to make
that move to Nevada object in Juneau
we own the rock can we keep it in shape
in mind when you think of me bottle
schools i'm making the house getting
lucky in large amounts let my cash
investor sock my garage full of cause it
hot niggas awful lot but never hung the
block and my liver she stole my soldiers
exit I got a loop I'll flow you can
taste the way it costs rad she was like
oh boy a Virginia Tech connected to
Negros oh I get it for less it will work
wrong ride then I head back west only
use the one answered a reply with yes
Italy you know it song once they get
undressed and farmers this rap shit kid
probably the best kick up doesn't smoke
blunts when I post in the sack if I
wanna bitch I got her new Eliot Ness her
new mother touchable make a new bubble
longlegs living life like a rockstar
money drugs you say walk-in closet
accommodate my clothes different Jews
every day so many hunters getting far
away you know
hey watch your mouth you know yeah you
know what's about you know you know
watch your mouth you know you know the
kid is back the kid is back the kid is
back the kid is back who know like boch
said keep your head up man like biggie
biggie give me one more chance hey the
chain hang low don't fuck with laying
rose red I can pick him off being no
slow my niggas were around with case
Taliban it won't down on your marks
avalanche Sam prayers to the pair right
in front of the alternate cop the new
Maserati sand color is water better come
up with the rest you won't see your
daughter and owned the bar no bigs we
love the smart G look every bank in all
this stereo swag hella sick call it
Valerio bank Nick I can get the money
bitch cuz I stay chasing paper like
immigrants for real it's that money and
large mountain man my god young flow
drill needs us what money k where niggas
recognize real nigga smash my nigga time
when you bust a u-turn in the middle
street it's my nigga turn you do know
that your bitchin
you know rappers shit park like
recreation getting money stand real with
my occupation we're real while y'all
niggas need to stop the paper we bless
heads and pop shops on these clowns
that's hey I'm burning rubber at the
right got him gas like Exxon two guns
big chain Lana doping the best / give a
fuck about shining I'm in the hood like
submit my pocket hit him up shit this is
the reason strong for my floating
feeling that I am hip hop were no
disagreement if he hide of them you bout
to pay for the casket get 16 of a nigga
wrapped in plastic I was talking about
rulers we can talk about wrapping your
call me mr. been crankin Andrew Jackson
I'm still blue dragon extension faces
blue jag blue pill got me plugging the
matrix nigga we own the block can we
keep it achieved your mind when you
think of me the bottle schools are
making the house getting my shit in
large amounts
watch your mouth
you